---
title: CVSS Registration For 2024 Secondary 1 Students
permalink: /useful-info-and-links/announcements/permalink/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Announcements
---
<h3>Information Via Parents Gateway</h3><p>When MOE has released the Sec 1 posting results on Wednesday 20 Dec 2023, parents of incoming students will receive more details via Parents Gateway. CVSS uses Parents’ Gateway as its main communication channel with parents.</p><p>For parents who are not on Parents Gateway yet, you can onboard by following the instructions <a href="/files/Link_to_PG_onboarding_instructions.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here.</a></p><p>For parents who have not received any information via Parents Gateway by Wednesday, 20 Dec 2023, 5pm, you can email the following details to <a href="mailto:cvss@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">cvss@moe.edu.sg</a> using the email header “Request for Sec 1 Registration Details”:</p><p>●	Name of your child as on BC/FIN</p><p>●	Your preferred email address</p><p>●	Other contact details</p><p>We will follow up with you as soon as possible.</p><h4><u>Briefing for Incoming Sec 1 Students and Parents</u></h4><p>Date: 	Wednesday, 27 December 2023 </p><p>Time: 	9.00am to 10.30am </p><p>Venue: 	Compassvale Secondary School</p><h4><u>Sec 1 Booklist, Uniform &amp; Name Tag Order List </u></h4><p>Details on the above will be made available via Parents Gateway on the day of the release of Sec 1 posting results. The school encourages all parents to place online orders for books and uniforms with our appointed bookshop vendor <a href="https://asenciobookshop.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://asenciobookshop.sg/</a> and to opt for the delivery service. Please note that you will need to log in or register an account to purchase. </p><p>Parents who are applying for financial assistance should NOT purchase textbooks and uniforms yet as there will be no reimbursement for any items purchased before approval of application. </p><h4><u>Appeal To Transfer Into CVSS</u></h4><p>For appeal for transfer based on serious medical conditions, parents may refer to <a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/secondary/s1-posting/results/appeal-for-school-transfer" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">MOE's website</a> for more information.</p><p>For appeal for transfer based on other reasons, parents may submit an appeal <a href="https://form.gov.sg/5fbf1ed5922a0c00110ede7d" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> between 20 - 26 Dec 2023, 12 noon. As stipulated by MOE, please note that students should meet Posting Group cut-off point before they can be considered for transfer.</p><p></p>